ok so the last video a few minutes ago
actually um was about me putting in the
hell whatever so now this one they're
going to be an update on the air
official feel there so I got the premium
now hair got to pace of it a 10 team
which i think is equivalent to a tennis
whatever um and I had an info week I've
had ample week I'm not wrap my hair any
time ever didn't read my hell I put a
silk scarf on it and flat iron it every
day so far and so far in the bathroom I
was in my flat iron I think makes the
hair kind of dry so that's why I won't
make a flat ironing that much with that
one but so far i will fight I were in
the bathroom but I wasn't if I loved his
hair like it was so Sufi right now I
think it was a scene like that because
of the flat iron you know I think it's
flattering you'd be drying up the hill
they get your bike but anyway see tackle
missing the stall again you always this
aww
oh they're so okay I like this stuff
all right anyway so I do my dear heavy a
week so far premium now hair you know
I'm used to like I feel like I have a
human hit in so long anyway um I really
think I like it I want to back to
profile of his hair I am so silky I
really do so yeah anyway um I think this
about I think that's about it three me
now bring your mouth Kim p 1 B 2 pegs
whether i forgot that i haven't done
this in so long with me together
episode a complete sewing for hazel Oh
take us about it
think that's about it then I covered
everything I go again it was it didn't
come this length I cut it I cut this
like this oh I should tell with them in
like that I cut it to length can pee I
think it's equivalent to a tennis one be
definite and one be all right this is
one and a half eggs probably about one
and a half bags in my head are full so
in heading for we don't rip it at night
so I think as a little bit but I really
feel like it we'll see what happens in
the next week whatever well they haven't
been a week left yet in five days it's
been a business week I base my 40 I keep
brought me off today still Thursday 4340
sorry before tea since I heavy day so
far so good idea so what are some good
after like I ever
nah Shania them all and so worried about
my Remy I be expecting the human here
you know to suck me
I think that's what I nothing with
wedding okay why is y'all be cool thank
you